Document `RectangleTree` and `RTree` (#3885)
mlpack/mlpack: doc/user/core/trees/r_tree.md

# `RTree`

The `RTree` class implements the R tree, a well-known multidimensional space
partitioning tree that can insert and remove points dynamically.

> mlpack's `RTree` implementation supports three template parameters for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The  `RTree` implementation in mlpack supports three template parameters for
```

As before, just avoiding "'s".

   - `ElemType` is the element type of `MatType`.
   - `point` should be a column vector type of the same type as `MatType`.
     (e.g., if `MatType` is `arma::mat`, then `point` should be an `arma::vec`.)

## Tree traversals

Like every mlpack tree, the `RTree` class provides a [single-tree and
dual-tree traversal](../../../developer/trees.md#traversals) that can be paired
with a [`RuleType` class](../../../developer/trees.md#rules) to implement a
single-tree or dual-tree algorithm.

 * `RTree::SingleTreeTraverser`
   - Implements a depth-first single-tree traverser.

 * `RTree::DualTreeTraverser`
   - Implements a dual-depth-first dual-tree traverser.

## Example usage

Build an `RTree` on the `cloud` dataset and print basic statistics about the
tree.

```c++
// See https://datasets.mlpack.org/cloud.csv.
arma::mat dataset;
mlpack::data::Load("cloud.csv", dataset, true);

// Build the rectangle tree with a leaf size of 10.  (This means that leaf nodes
// cannot contain more than 10 points.)
//
// The std::move() means that `dataset` will be empty after this call, and no
// data will be copied during tree building.
//

> // Note that the '<>' isn't necessary if C++20 is being used (e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Note that the '<>' is not necessary if C++20 is being used (e.g.
```
